Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;Cats can get tapeworms from eating mice. If your cat catches a mouse it is best to take the prize away from it.;Cat families usually play best in even numbers. Cats and kittens should be aquired in pairs whenever possible.;Cats do not think that they are little people. They think that we are big cats. This influences their behavior in many ways.;Cats have 30 vertebrae--5 more than humans have.;Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.;The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.;Statistics indicate that animal lovers in recent years have shown a preference for cats over dogs!;Cat families usually play best in even numbers. Cats and kittens should be aquired in pairs whenever possible.;Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.;In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death.;In the Middle Ages, during the Festival of Saint John, cats were burned alive in town squares.;A cat has more bones than a human; humans have 206, and the cat - 230.;Owning a cat can reduce the risk of stroke and heart attack by a third.;Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;Jaguars are the only big cats that don't roar.;Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.;The worlds richest cat is worth $13 million after his human passed away and left her fortune to him.;Cats that live together sometimes rub each others heads to show that they have no intention of fighting. Young cats do this more often, especially when they are excited.;The worlds largest cat measured 48.5 inches long. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc5M0aGc_EI;Cats can be taught to walk on a leash, but a lot of time and patience is required to teach them. The younger the cat is, the easier it will be for them to learn.;Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.;In the Middle Ages, during the Festival of Saint John, cats were burned alive in town squares.;Contrary to popular belief, the cat is a social animal. A pet cat will respond and answer to speech , and seems to enjoy human companionship.;Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.;There are cats who have survived falls from over 32 stories (320 meters) onto concrete.;Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.;Your cat recognizes your voice but just acts too cool to care (probably because they are).;Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;A cat has been mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska, for 15 years. His name is Stubbs.;Owning a cat can reduce the risk of stroke and heart attack by a third.;Not every cat gets 'high' from catnip. Whether or not a cat responds to it depends upon a recessive gene: no gene, no joy.;The catnip plant contains an oil called hepetalactone which does for cats what marijuana does to some people. Not all cats react to it those that do appear to enter a trancelike state. A positive reaction takes the form of the cat sniffing the catnip, then licking, biting, chewing it, rub & rolling on it repeatedly, purring, meowing & even leaping in the air.;Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.;The way you treat kittens in the early stages of it's life will render it's personality traits later in life.;Cats, especially older cats, do get cancer. Many times this disease can be treated successfully.;Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.;In ancient Egypt, when a family cat died, all family members would shave their eyebrows as a sign of mourning.;Both humans and cats have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion.;Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.;Cats have contributed to the extinction of 33 different species.;Evidence suggests domesticated cats have been around since 3600 B.C., 2,000 years before Egypts pharaohs.;Retractable claws are a physical phenomenon that sets cats apart from the rest of the animal kingdom. In the cat family, only cheetahs cannot retract their claws.;Julius Ceasar, Henri II, Charles XI, and Napoleon were all afraid of cats.;Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.;The chlorine in fresh tap water irritates sensitive parts of the cat's nose. Let tap water sit for 24 hours before giving it to a cat.;Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;Statistics indicate that animal lovers in recent years have shown a preference for cats over dogs!;The color of the points in Siamese cats is heat related. Cool areas are darker.;When well treated, a cat can live twenty or more years but the average life span of a domestic cat is 14 years.;The worlds richest cat is worth $13 million after his human passed away and left her fortune to him.;Abraham Lincoln loved cats. He had four of them while he lived in the White House.;Cats sleep 70% of their lives.;The word 'cat' in various languages: French: chat; German: katze; Italian: gatto; Spanish/Portugese: gato; Yiddish: kats; Maltese: qattus; Swedish/Norwegian: katt; Dutch: kat; Icelandic: kottur; Greek: catta; Hindu: katas; Japanese:neko; Polish: kot; Ukranian: kotuk; Hawiian: popoki; Russian: koshka; Latin: cattus; Egyptian: mau; Turkish: kedi; Armenian: Gatz; Chinese: mao; Arabic: biss; Indonesian: kucing; Bulgarian: kotka; Malay: kucing; Thai/Vietnamese: meo; Romanian: pisica; Lithuanian: katinas; Czech: kocka; Slovak: macka; Armenian: gatz; Basque: catua; Estonian: kass; Finnish: kissa; Swahili: paka.;The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.;Like birds, cats have a homing ability that uses its biological clock, the angle of the sun, and the Earth's magnetic field. A cat taken far from its home can return to it. But if a cat's owners move far from its home, the cat can't find them.;In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.;Besides smelling with their nose, cats can smell with an additional organ called the Jacobson's organ, located in the upper surface of the mouth.;In ancient Egypt, mummies were made of cats, and embalmed mice were placed with them in their tombs. In one ancient city, over 300,000 cat mummies were found.;Cheetahs communicate by purring and meowing like housecats, they cannot roar like big cats (e.g. lions).;Some common houseplants poisonous to cats include: English Ivy, iris, mistletoe, philodendron, and yew.;Cats can drink sea water in order to survive.;The Maine Coone is the only native American long haired breed.;Cats that live together sometimes rub each others heads to show that they have no intention of fighting. Young cats do this more often, especially when they are excited.;Tabby cats are thought to get their name from Attab, a district in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq.;Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.;You check your cats pulse on the inside of the back thigh, where the leg joins to the body. Normal for cats: 110-170 beats per minute.;Mother cats teach their kittens to use the litter box.;Cheetahs communicate by purring and meowing like housecats, they cannot roar like big cats (e.g. lions).;Cats must have fat in their diet because they cannot produce it on their own.;Cats can drink sea water in order to survive.;Cats have 30 vertebrae--5 more than humans have.;Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.;In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death.;The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.;Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.;Cats, especially older cats, do get cancer. Many times this disease can be treated successfully.;There are cats who have survived falls from over 32 stories (320 meters) onto concrete.;Cats, especially older cats, do get cancer. Many times this disease can be treated successfully.;When well treated, a cat can live twenty or more years but the average life span of a domestic cat is 14 years.;In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.;A form of AIDS exists in cats.;Like birds, cats have a homing ability that uses its biological clock, the angle of the sun, and the Earth's magnetic field. A cat taken far from its home can return to it. But if a cat's owners move far from its home, the cat can't find them.;Cats do not think that they are little people. They think that we are big cats. This influences their behavior in many ways.;Julius Ceasar, Henri II, Charles XI, and Napoleon were all afraid of cats.;Many people fear catching a protozoan disease, Toxoplasmosis, from cats. This disease can cause illness in the human, but more seriously, can cause birth defects in the unborn. Toxoplasmosis is a common disease, sometimes spread through the feces of cats. It is caused most often from eating raw or rare beef. Pregnant women and people with a depressed immune system should not touch the cat litter box. Other than that, there is no reason that these people have to avoid cats.;A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.;The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.;Statistics indicate that animal lovers in recent years have shown a preference for cats over dogs!;Both humans and cats have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion.;In ancient Egypt, mummies were made of cats, and embalmed mice were placed with them in their tombs. In one ancient city, over 300,000 cat mummies were found.;A cats field of vision is about 185 degrees.;A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.;A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.;Studies now show that the allergen in cats is related to their scent glands. Cats have scent glands on their faces and at the base of their tails. Entire male cats generate the most scent. If this secretion from the scent glands is the allergen, allergic people should tolerate spayed female cats the best.;Purring not always means happiness. Purring could mean a cat is in terrible pain such as during childbirth. Kitten will purr to their mother to let her know they are getting enough milk while nursing. Purring is a process of inhaling and exhaling, usually performed while the mouth is closed. But don't worry, if your cat is purring while your gently petting her and holding her close to you - that is a happy cat!;Evidence suggests domesticated cats have been around since 3600 B.C., 2,000 years before Egypts pharaohs.;The Maine Coone is the only native American long haired breed.;Cats can be taught to walk on a leash, but a lot of time and patience is required to teach them. The younger the cat is, the easier it will be for them to learn.;Cats are often lactose intolerant, so stop givin them milk!;A cat has ran for mayor of Mexico City in 2013.;The chlorine in fresh tap water irritates sensitive parts of the cat's nose. Let tap water sit for 24 hours before giving it to a cat.;Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;Cats can get tapeworms from eating mice. If your cat catches a mouse it is best to take the prize away from it.;Many cats cannot properly digest cows milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea.;Cats that live together sometimes rub each others heads to show that they have no intention of fighting. Young cats do this more often, especially when they are excited.;Cats must have fat in their diet because they cannot produce it on their own.;A form of AIDS exists in cats.;Contrary to popular belief, the cat is a social animal. A pet cat will respond and answer to speech , and seems to enjoy human companionship.;Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.;Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.;Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.;Cats can get tapeworms from eating mice. If your cat catches a mouse it is best to take the prize away from it.;A cats field of vision is about 185 degrees.;Tabby cats are thought to get their name from Attab, a district in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq.;A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.;All cats have three sets of long hairs that are sensitive to pressure - whiskers, eyebrows,and the hairs between their paw pads.;The way you treat kittens in the early stages of it's life will render it's personality traits later in life.;A cat has been mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska, for 15 years. His name is Stubbs.;Cats sleep 70% of their lives.;Many cats cannot properly digest cows milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea.;Some common houseplants poisonous to cats include: English Ivy, iris, mistletoe, philodendron, and yew.;The worlds richest cat is worth $13 million after his human passed away and left her fortune to him.;A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.;The chlorine in fresh tap water irritates sensitive parts of the cat's nose. Let tap water sit for 24 hours before giving it to a cat.;Abraham Lincoln loved cats. He had four of them while he lived in the White House.;Wikipedia has a recording of a cat meowing because why not?;Cats do not think that they are little people. They think that we are big cats. This influences their behavior in many ways.;The color of the points in Siamese cats is heat related. Cool areas are darker.;Tylenol and chocolate are both poisonous to cats.;Retractable claws are a physical phenomenon that sets cats apart from the rest of the animal kingdom. In the cat family, only cheetahs cannot retract their claws.;Siamese kittens are born white because of the heat inside the mother's uterus before birth. This heat keeps the kittens' hair from darkening on the points.;When cats grimace, they are usually "taste-scenting." They have an extra organ that, with some breathing control, allows the cats to taste-sense the air.;Cats can be taught to walk on a leash, but a lot of time and patience is required to teach them. The younger the cat is, the easier it will be for them to learn.;There are cats who have survived falls from over 32 stories (320 meters) onto concrete.;Of all the species of cats, the domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. All species of wild cats hold their talk horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.;Besides smelling with their nose, cats can smell with an additional organ called the Jacobson's organ, located in the upper surface of the mouth.;Like birds, cats have a homing ability that uses its biological clock, the angle of the sun, and the Earth's magnetic field. A cat taken far from its home can return to it. But if a cat's owners move far from its home, the cat can't find them.;Wikipedia has a recording of a cat meowing because why not?;The worlds richest cat is worth $13 million after his human passed away and left her fortune to him.;Contrary to popular belief, the cat is a social animal. A pet cat will respond and answer to speech , and seems to enjoy human companionship.;The way you treat kittens in the early stages of it's life will render it's personality traits later in life.;Of all the species of cats, the domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. All species of wild cats hold their talk horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.;Not every cat gets 'high' from catnip. Whether or not a cat responds to it depends upon a recessive gene: no gene, no joy.;Jaguars are the only big cats that don't roar.;Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.;Adult cats only meow to communicate with humans.;In ancient Egypt, when a family cat died, all family members would shave their eyebrows as a sign of mourning.;Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.;A group of cats is called a clowder.;Tylenol and chocolate are both poisonous to cats.;Cats sleep 70% of their lives.;Cats are the most popular pet in the United States: There are 88 million pet cats and 74 million dogs.;A cat's whiskers are thought to be a kind of radar, which helps a cat gauge the space it intends to walk through.;Cats are subject to gum disease and to dental caries. They should have their teeth cleaned by the vet or the cat dentist once a year.;Cats have contributed to the extinction of 33 different species.;Mother cats teach their kittens to use the litter box.;Cats that live together sometimes rub each others heads to show that they have no intention of fighting. Young cats do this more often, especially when they are excited.;You check your cats pulse on the inside of the back thigh, where the leg joins to the body. Normal for cats: 110-170 beats per minute.;In the Middle Ages, during the Festival of Saint John, cats were burned alive in town squares.;In ancient Egypt, mummies were made of cats, and embalmed mice were placed with them in their tombs. In one ancient city, over 300,000 cat mummies were found.;Many cats cannot properly digest cows milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea.;Cats have an average of 24 whiskers, arranged in four horizontal rows on each side.;In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death.;The Maine Coon is 4 to 5 times larger than the Singapura, the smallest breed of cat.;Retractable claws are a physical phenomenon that sets cats apart from the rest of the animal kingdom. In the cat family, only cheetahs cannot retract their claws.;Besides smelling with their nose, cats can smell with an additional organ called the Jacobson's organ, located in the upper surface of the mouth.;Cats can jump up to six times their length.;Of all the species of cats, the domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. All species of wild cats hold their talk horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.;Some common houseplants poisonous to cats include: English Ivy, iris, mistletoe, philodendron, and yew.;When well treated, a cat can live twenty or more years but the average life span of a domestic cat is 14 years.;Studies now show that the allergen in cats is related to their scent glands. Cats have scent glands on their faces and at the base of their tails. Entire male cats generate the most scent. If this secretion from the scent glands is the allergen, allergic people should tolerate spayed female cats the best.;The color of the points in Siamese cats is heat related. Cool areas are darker.;Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.;Almost 10% of a cat's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance.;Both humans and cats have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion.;A cat has more bones than a human; humans have 206, and the cat - 230.;Many cats cannot properly digest cows milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea.;Statistics indicate that animal lovers in recent years have shown a preference for cats over dogs!;Cats can not taste sweets.;Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.;In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.;A group of cats is called a clowder.;A cats field of vision is about 185 degrees.;The Maine Coon is 4 to 5 times larger than the Singapura, the smallest breed of cat.;Cats can drink sea water in order to survive.;Tabby cats are thought to get their name from Attab, a district in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq.;Cats have contributed to the extinction of 33 different species.;Julius Ceasar, Henri II, Charles XI, and Napoleon were all afraid of cats.;The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.;Not every cat gets 'high' from catnip. Whether or not a cat responds to it depends upon a recessive gene: no gene, no joy.;The worlds largest cat measured 48.5 inches long. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc5M0aGc_EI;A form of AIDS exists in cats.;A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.;Purring not always means happiness. Purring could mean a cat is in terrible pain such as during childbirth. Kitten will purr to their mother to let her know they are getting enough milk while nursing. Purring is a process of inhaling and exhaling, usually performed while the mouth is closed. But don't worry, if your cat is purring while your gently petting her and holding her close to you - that is a happy cat!;Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.;The way you treat kittens in the early stages of it's life will render it's personality traits later in life.;